# Welcome to Prosperity Path

### Mission (tl;dr):
> Prosperity Path is a community of people who are underrepresented in the upper tiers of wealth. Our mission is to empower our members to build wealth by providing [content](https://github.com/Prosperity-Path/Wealth-Building-Content), a [software value creation framework](https://github.com/Prosperity-Path/PDK), and a family of people who want to [support each other](https://github.com/orgs/Prosperity-Path/discussions) on the come up.
____________________
If you’re reading this, you probably have the skills to generate more wealth than you are today, but you aren’t because of your default access to knowledge and influence. Wealth is the freedom to obtain your wants and needs that give you happiness, fulfillment, and peace. Unfortunately, most people don’t see past happiness because it’s the most tangible and has the shortest feedback cycle. So much of the world has become people fighting for control over their own happiness.

A critical mass of people fighting for control of anything, even happiness, creates a society rooted in scarcity. In such an environment, humans are incentivized to grab as much control as possible or else someone else will. The control arms race has resulted in toxic constructs like slavery, which has never actually been abolished but instead evolved. 

Perhaps the scariest part about the control arms race is that there are winners, and by definition, the winners are the ones who are most ruthlessly effective are controlling others. For a moment, stop and reflect on that fact; it’s as heavy as it is real. Now, to make this notion more concrete, consider the modern hamster wheel of happiness that most of the world runs on daily. 

On every possible surface area that can capture attention, we’re peppered with programming about things that will make us happy. Sadly, the true intentions of the programmers are usually to make you happy only as a side effect of participating in their consumeristic scheme for money (control). What’s worse is that people are naturally susceptible to finding happiness in having what others around them want. An unfortunate, but real consequence of the “monkey see, monkey do” wiring in our brains that helps us learn so efficiently from others. So seeing others broadcast their happiness about their shiny new car, naturally makes us want a new car. It’s hard to escape.

So we find ourselves trapped by collective desire that’s been carefully designed for us to contribute to the control of the designers; while you’re distracted by laboring to achieve the marketed happiness objectives. But wait- who are these designers of desire and capturers of control? The most straightforward answer is: the people who have been at it the longest. This fact is actually what’s responsible for most of the wealth imbalance today. 

For instance, African Americans have only been able to build wealth for about 70 years in America since the civil rights movement “leveled the playing field”. And as startling of a disadvantage from the rest of America as that may be, it doesn’t hurt as badly as the resultant lack of access to people with meaningful influence. What’s particularly painful is that the people with the majority of the control are incentivized to keep as much control as possible within a group they trust. Although frustrating, we can’t blame them since people inherently don’t trust others who are different from them, especially without a strong incentive. 

Regardless of blame and incentives, the reality for minorities trying to build wealth is relatively harsh; the odds are stacked against us based on access. But the adversity from lack of access is actually our secret weapon, because the further you’ve come from the further you can go. We’ve had no choice but to grind to build (technical) skills. And if you have skills, you can build wealth. That’s what this project and community is about-- builders working together to build wealth with our hard earned skills. This repo is a place for content, code, and collaboration; it’s where people on the fringe fight together to build wealth like the people who’ve held influence for hundreds of years. 

Please join us by getting involved in this open source community. The best place to get started is by diving into the [content](https://github.com/Prosperity-Path/Wealth-Building-Content).
